Remove symbols that are removed in python 3.10 (#1217)
PyO3/pyo3: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Add support for keyword-only arguments without default values in `#[pyfunction]`. [#1209](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/pull/1209)
- Add a wrapper for `PyErr_CheckSignals()` as `Python::check_signals()`. [#1214](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/pull/1214)

### Removed

> - Removed `PyUnicode_AsUnicodeCopy`, `PyUnicode_GetMax`, `_Py_CheckRecursionLimit`, `PyObject_AsCharBuffer`, `PyObject_AsReadBuffer`, `PyObject_CheckReadBuffer` and `PyObject_AsWriteBuffer` which have been removed in python 3.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove deprecated ffi definitions `PyUnicode_AsUnicodeCopy`, `PyUnicode_GetMax`, `_Py_CheckRecursionLimit`, `PyObject_AsCharBuffer`, `PyObject_AsReadBuffer`, `PyObject_CheckReadBuffer` and `PyObject_AsWriteBuffer`, which will be removed in Python 3.10. [#1217](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/pull/1217)
```
